SPEC/REFS.md, before:

# Refs API

* [refs](#refs)
* [refsReadableStream](#refsreadablestream)
* [refsPullStream](#refspullstream)
* [refs.local](#refslocal)
* [refs.localReadableStream](#refslocalreadablestream)
* [refs.localPullStream](#refslocalpullstream)

#### `refs`

> Get links (references) from an object.

##### `ipfs.refs(ipfsPath, [options], [callback])`

`ipfsPath` can be of type:

- [`cid`][cid] of type:
  - a [CID](https://github.com/ipfs/js-cid) instance
  - [Buffer][b], the raw Buffer of the cid
  - String, the base58 encoded version of the cid
- String, including the ipfs handler, a cid and a path to traverse to, ie:
  - '/ipfs/QmXEmhrMpbVvTh61FNAxP9nU7ygVtyvZA8HZDUaqQCAb66'
  - '/ipfs/QmXEmhrMpbVvTh61FNAxP9nU7ygVtyvZA8HZDUaqQCAb66/a.txt'
  - 'QmXEmhrMpbVvTh61FNAxP9nU7ygVtyvZA8HZDUaqQCAb66/a.txt'

`options` is an optional object that may contain the following keys:
  - `recursive (false)`: recursively list references of child nodes
  - `unique (false)`: omit duplicate references from output
  - `format ("<dst>")`: output edges with given format. Available tokens: `<src>`, `<dst>`, `<linkname>`
  - `edges (false)`: output references in edge format: `"<src> -> <dst>"`
  - `maxDepth (1)`: only for recursive refs, limits fetch and listing to the given depth

`callback` must follow `function (err, refs) {}` signature, where `err` is an error if the operation was not successful and `refs` is an array of `{ ref: "myref", err: "error msg" }`

If no `callback` is passed, a promise is returned.

**Example:**

```JavaScript
ipfs.refs(ipfsPath, { recursive: true }, function (err, refs) {
  if (err) {
    throw err
  }

  for (const ref of refs) {
    if (ref.err) {
      console.error(ref.err)
    } else {
      console.log(ref.ref)
      // output: "QmHash"
    }
  }
})
```

#### `refsReadableStream`

> Output references using a [Readable Stream][rs]

##### `ipfs.refsReadableStream(ipfsPath, [options])` -> [Readable Stream][rs]

`options` is an optional object argument identical to the options for [ipfs.refs](#refs)

**Example:**

```JavaScript
const stream = ipfs.refsReadableStream(ipfsPath, { recursive: true })
stream.on('data', function (ref) {
  // 'ref' will be of the form
  // {
  //   ref: 'QmHash',
  //   err: 'err message'
  // }
})
```

#### `refsPullStream`

> Output references using a [Pull Stream][ps].

##### `ipfs.refsReadableStream(ipfsPath, [options])` -> [Pull Stream][ps]

`options` is an optional object argument identical to the options for [ipfs.refs](#refs)

**Example:**

```JavaScript
const stream = ipfs.refsPullStream(ipfsPath, { recursive: true })

pull(
  stream,
  pull.collect((err, values) => {
    // values will be an array of objects, each one of the form
    // {
    //   ref: 'QmHash',
    //   err: 'err message'
    // }
  })
)
```

#### `refs.local`

> Output all local references (CIDs of all blocks in the blockstore)

##### `ipfs.refs.local([callback])`

`callback` must follow `function (err, refs) {}` signature, where `err` is an error if the operation was not successful and `refs` is an array of `{ ref: "myref", err: "error msg" }`

If no `callback` is passed, a promise is returned.

**Example:**

```JavaScript
ipfs.refs.local(function (err, refs) {
  if (err) {
    throw err
  }

  for (const ref of refs) {
    if (ref.err) {
      console.error(ref.err)
    } else {
      console.log(ref.ref)
      // output: "QmHash"
    }
  }
})
```

#### `refs.localReadableStream`

> Output all local references using a [Readable Stream][rs]

##### `ipfs.localReadableStream()` -> [Readable Stream][rs]

**Example:**

```JavaScript
const stream = ipfs.refs.localReadableStream()
stream.on('data', function (ref) {
  // 'ref' will be of the form
  // {
  //   ref: 'QmHash',
  //   err: 'err message'
  // }
})
```

#### `refs.localPullStream`

> Output all local references using a [Pull Stream][ps].

##### `ipfs.refs.localReadableStream()` -> [Pull Stream][ps]

**Example:**

```JavaScript
const stream = ipfs.refs.localPullStream()

pull(
  stream,
  pull.collect((err, values) => {
    // values will be an array of objects, each one of the form
    // {
    //   ref: 'QmHash',
    //   err: 'err message'
    // }
  })
)
```

A great source of [examples][] can be found in the tests for this API.

[examples]: https://github.com/ipfs/interface-ipfs-core/blob/master/src/files-regular
[b]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/buffer
[rs]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/readable-stream
[ps]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/pull-stream
[cid]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/cids
[blob]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob

Commit message:

feat: support for reconstructed CIDs of refs-local
Related to https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/issues/2415

SPEC/REFS.md, after:

# Refs API

* [refs](#refs)
* [refsReadableStream](#refsreadablestream)
* [refsPullStream](#refspullstream)
* [refs.local](#refslocal)
* [refs.localReadableStream](#refslocalreadablestream)
* [refs.localPullStream](#refslocalpullstream)

#### `refs`

> Get links (references) from an object.

##### `ipfs.refs(ipfsPath, [options], [callback])`

`ipfsPath` can be of type:

- [`cid`][cid] of type:
  - a [CID](https://github.com/ipfs/js-cid) instance
  - [Buffer][b], the raw Buffer of the cid
  - String, the base58 encoded version of the cid
- String, including the ipfs handler, a cid and a path to traverse to, ie:
  - '/ipfs/QmXEmhrMpbVvTh61FNAxP9nU7ygVtyvZA8HZDUaqQCAb66'
  - '/ipfs/QmXEmhrMpbVvTh61FNAxP9nU7ygVtyvZA8HZDUaqQCAb66/a.txt'
  - 'QmXEmhrMpbVvTh61FNAxP9nU7ygVtyvZA8HZDUaqQCAb66/a.txt'

`options` is an optional object that may contain the following keys:
  - `recursive (false)`: recursively list references of child nodes
  - `unique (false)`: omit duplicate references from output
  - `format ("<dst>")`: output edges with given format. Available tokens: `<src>`, `<dst>`, `<linkname>`
  - `edges (false)`: output references in edge format: `"<src> -> <dst>"`
  - `maxDepth (1)`: only for recursive refs, limits fetch and listing to the given depth

`callback` must follow `function (err, refs) {}` signature, where `err` is an error if the operation was not successful and `refs` is an array of `{ ref: "myref", err: "error msg" }`

If no `callback` is passed, a promise is returned.

**Example:**

```JavaScript
ipfs.refs(ipfsPath, { recursive: true }, function (err, refs) {
  if (err) {
    throw err
  }

  for (const ref of refs) {
    if (ref.err) {
      console.error(ref.err)
    } else {
      console.log(ref.ref)
      // output: "QmHash"
    }
  }
})
```

#### `refsReadableStream`

> Output references using a [Readable Stream][rs]

##### `ipfs.refsReadableStream(ipfsPath, [options])` -> [Readable Stream][rs]

`options` is an optional object argument identical to the options for [ipfs.refs](#refs)

**Example:**

```JavaScript
const stream = ipfs.refsReadableStream(ipfsPath, { recursive: true })
stream.on('data', function (ref) {
  // 'ref' will be of the form
  // {
  //   ref: 'QmHash',
  //   err: 'err message'
  // }
})
```

#### `refsPullStream`

> Output references using a [Pull Stream][ps].

##### `ipfs.refsReadableStream(ipfsPath, [options])` -> [Pull Stream][ps]

`options` is an optional object argument identical to the options for [ipfs.refs](#refs)

**Example:**

```JavaScript
const stream = ipfs.refsPullStream(ipfsPath, { recursive: true })

pull(
  stream,
  pull.collect((err, values) => {
    // values will be an array of objects, each one of the form
    // {
    //   ref: 'QmHash',
    //   err: 'err message'
    // }
  })
)
```

#### `refs.local`

> Output all local references (CIDs of all blocks in the blockstore. CIDs are reconstructed, hence they might not match the CIDs under the blocks were originally stored)

##### `ipfs.refs.local([options], [callback])`

`options` is an optional object that may contain the following keys:
  - `multihash (false)`: instead of reconstructed CIDs, the original multihashes are returned as base32 encoded strings

`callback` must follow `function (err, refs) {}` signature, where `err` is an error if the operation was not successful and `refs` is an array of `{ ref: "myref", err: "error msg" }`

If no `callback` is passed, a promise is returned.

**Example:**

```JavaScript
ipfs.refs.local(function (err, refs) {
  if (err) {
    throw err
  }

  for (const ref of refs) {
    if (ref.err) {
      console.error(ref.err)
    } else {
      console.log(ref.ref)
      // output: "QmHash"
    }
  }
})
```

#### `refs.localReadableStream([options])`

> Output all local references using a [Readable Stream][rs]

`options` is an optional object that may contain the following keys:
  - `multihash (false)`: instead of reconstructed CIDs, the original multihashes are returned as base32 encoded strings

##### `ipfs.localReadableStream()` -> [Readable Stream][rs]

**Example:**

```JavaScript
const stream = ipfs.refs.localReadableStream()
stream.on('data', function (ref) {
  // 'ref' will be of the form
  // {
  //   ref: 'QmHash',
  //   err: 'err message'
  // }
})
```

#### `refs.localPullStream([options])`

> Output all local references using a [Pull Stream][ps].

`options` is an optional object that may contain the following keys:
  - `multihash (false)`: instead of reconstructed CIDs, the original multihashes are returned as base32 encoded strings

##### `ipfs.refs.localReadableStream()` -> [Pull Stream][ps]

**Example:**

```JavaScript
const stream = ipfs.refs.localPullStream()

pull(
  stream,
  pull.collect((err, values) => {
    // values will be an array of objects, each one of the form
    // {
    //   ref: 'QmHash',
    //   err: 'err message'
    // }
  })
)
```

A great source of [examples][] can be found in the tests for this API.

[examples]: https://github.com/ipfs/interface-ipfs-core/blob/master/src/files-regular
[b]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/buffer
[rs]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/readable-stream
[ps]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/pull-stream
[cid]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/cids
[blob]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob
