API/dht/README.md, before:

DHT API
=======

#### `findpeer`

> Retrieve the Peer Info of a reachable node in the network.

##### `Go` **WIP**

##### `JavaScript` - ipfs.dht.findpeer(peerId, [callback])

Where `peerId` is a IPFS/libp2p Id of type [PeerId](https://github.com/libp2p/js-peer-id).

`callback` must follow `function (err, peerInfo) {}` signature, where `err` is an error if the operation was not successful. `peerInfo` is an object of type [PeerInfo](https://github.com/libp2p/js-peer-info)

If no `callback` is passed, a promise is returned.

Example:

```JavaScript
var id = PeerId.create()
ipfs.dht.findPeer(id, function (err, peerInfo) {
  // peerInfo will contain the multiaddrs of that peer
})
```

#### `findprovs`

> Retrieve the providers for content that is addressed by an hash.

##### `Go` **WIP**

##### `JavaScript` - ipfs.dht.findprovs(hash, [callback])

Where `hash` is a multihash.

`callback` must follow `function (err, peerInfos) {}` signature, where `err` is an error if the operation was not successful. `peerInfos` is an array of objects of type [PeerInfo](https://github.com/libp2p/js-peer-info)

If no `callback` is passed, a promise is returned.

Example:

```JavaScript
ipfs.dht.findProvs(hash, function (err, peerInfos) {})
```

#### `get`

> Retrieve a value from DHT

##### `Go` **WIP**

##### `JavaScript` - ipfs.dht.get(key, [callback])

Where `key` is a string.

`callback` must follow `function (err, value) {}` signature, where `err` is an error if the operation was not successful. `value` is the value that was stored under that key.

If no `callback` is passed, a promise is returned.

Example:

```JavaScript
ipfs.dht.get(key, function (err, value) {})
```

#### `put`

> Store a value on the DHT

##### `Go` **WIP**

##### `JavaScript` - ipfs.dht.put(key, value, [callback])

Where `key` is a string and `value` can be of any type.

`callback` must follow `function (err) {}` signature, where `err` is an error if the operation was not successful. 

If no `callback` is passed, a promise is returned.

Example:

```JavaScript
ipfs.dht.put(key, value, function (err) {})
```


#### `query`

> Queries the network for the 'closest peers' to a given key. 'closest' is defined by the rules of the underlying Peer Routing mechanism.

##### `Go` **WIP**

##### `JavaScript` - ipfs.dht.query(peerId, [callback])

Where `peerId` is a IPFS/libp2p Id of type [PeerId](https://github.com/libp2p/js-peer-id).

`callback` must follow `function (err, peerInfos) {}` signature, where `err` is an error if the operation was not successful. `peerInfos` is an array of objects of type [PeerInfo](https://github.com/libp2p/js-peer-info)

If no `callback` is passed, a promise is returned.

Example:

```JavaScript
var id = PeerId.create()
ipfs.dht.query(id, function (err, peerInfos) {
})
```

Commit message:

add examples placeholder to all

API/dht/README.md, after:

DHT API
=======

#### `findpeer`

> Retrieve the Peer Info of a reachable node in the network.

##### `Go` **WIP**

##### `JavaScript` - ipfs.dht.findpeer(peerId, [callback])

Where `peerId` is a IPFS/libp2p Id of type [PeerId](https://github.com/libp2p/js-peer-id).

`callback` must follow `function (err, peerInfo) {}` signature, where `err` is an error if the operation was not successful. `peerInfo` is an object of type [PeerInfo](https://github.com/libp2p/js-peer-info)

If no `callback` is passed, a promise is returned.

**Example:**

```JavaScript
var id = PeerId.create()

ipfs.dht.findPeer(id, function (err, peerInfo) {
  // peerInfo will contain the multiaddrs of that peer
})
```

A great source of [examples][] can be found in the tests for this API.

#### `findprovs`

> Retrieve the providers for content that is addressed by an hash.

##### `Go` **WIP**

##### `JavaScript` - ipfs.dht.findprovs(hash, [callback])

Where `hash` is a multihash.

`callback` must follow `function (err, peerInfos) {}` signature, where `err` is an error if the operation was not successful. `peerInfos` is an array of objects of type [PeerInfo](https://github.com/libp2p/js-peer-info)

If no `callback` is passed, a promise is returned.

**Example:**

```JavaScript
ipfs.dht.findProvs(multihash, function (err, peerInfos) {})
```

A great source of [examples][] can be found in the tests for this API.

#### `get`

> Retrieve a value from DHT

##### `Go` **WIP**

##### `JavaScript` - ipfs.dht.get(key, [callback])

Where `key` is a string.

`callback` must follow `function (err, value) {}` signature, where `err` is an error if the operation was not successful. `value` is the value that was stored under that key.

If no `callback` is passed, a promise is returned.

**Example:**

```JavaScript
ipfs.dht.get(key, function (err, value) {})
```

A great source of [examples][] can be found in the tests for this API.

#### `put`

> Store a value on the DHT

##### `Go` **WIP**

##### `JavaScript` - ipfs.dht.put(key, value, [callback])

Where `key` is a string and `value` can be of any type.

`callback` must follow `function (err) {}` signature, where `err` is an error if the operation was not successful. 

If no `callback` is passed, a promise is returned.

**Example:**

```JavaScript
ipfs.dht.put(key, value, function (err) {})
```

A great source of [examples][] can be found in the tests for this API.

#### `query`

> Queries the network for the 'closest peers' to a given key. 'closest' is defined by the rules of the underlying Peer Routing mechanism.

##### `Go` **WIP**

##### `JavaScript` - ipfs.dht.query(peerId, [callback])

Where `peerId` is a IPFS/libp2p Id of type [PeerId](https://github.com/libp2p/js-peer-id).

`callback` must follow `function (err, peerInfos) {}` signature, where `err` is an error if the operation was not successful. `peerInfos` is an array of objects of type [PeerInfo](https://github.com/libp2p/js-peer-info)

If no `callback` is passed, a promise is returned.

**Example:**

```JavaScript
const id = PeerId.create()

ipfs.dht.query(id, function (err, peerInfos) {
})
```

A great source of [examples][] can be found in the tests for this API.

[examples]: https://github.com/ipfs/interface-ipfs-core/blob/master/src/dht.js
